README.md, before:

# List of Favorite songs
1. Where is the love - The Black Eyed Peas
2. Love Story - Taylor Swift
3. The Pussycat Dolls - Buttons (Official Music Video) ft. Snoop Dogg
4. Ta ley see dum - Lula
5. It's a Sin - Pet Shop Boys
6. Wake Me Up - Avicii


------------------------------------------
# Attracting Contributors
As part of the Software Engineering Class, we would like to simulate how Open Source Projects start and try to attract potential contributions.

# Rules

1. Please choose a hobby or some interest that you want to build your repository
2. Make a README to announce this theme (i.e., my favourite video games or anime)
3. Attract - Go to https://github.com/NAIST-SE/AttractingContributors/discussions, post an interesting message to ask other members to add a list. See example below.
4. Please collect up to 10 hobbies or interest from other contributors. You can also discuss and talk about the hobby before you merge their Pull Request.

# Requirements
To complete the assignment, please do the following:
1. Fork this project and then rename the title to your hobby. 
2. Announce the new project and try to attract other members.
3. Make 10 Pull Request contributions to other projects
4. Merge 10 Pull Requests into your forked Project.

# Example. 
https://github.com/raux/AttractingContributors-Anime (Anime topic)

https://github.com/NAIST-SE/AttractingContributors/discussions/4 (Discussion)

Commit message:

add my favorite movie by haxhi

README.md, after:

# Attracting Contributors
As part of the Software Engineering Class, we would like to simulate how Open Source Projects start and try to attract potential contributions.

# Rules

1. Please choose a hobby or some interest that you want to build your repository
2. Make a README to announce this theme (i.e., my favourite video games or anime)
3. Attract - Go to https://github.com/NAIST-SE/AttractingContributors/discussions, post an interesting message to ask other members to add a list. See example below.
4. Please collect up to 10 hobbies or interest from other contributors. You can also discuss and talk about the hobby before you merge their Pull Request.

# Requirements
To complete the assignment, please do the following:
1. Fork this project and then rename the title to your hobby. 
2. Announce the new project and try to attract other members.
3. Make 10 Pull Request contributions to other projects
4. Merge 10 Pull Requests into your forked Project.

# Example. 
https://github.com/raux/AttractingContributors-Anime (Anime topic)

https://github.com/NAIST-SE/AttractingContributors/discussions/4 (Discussion)

# List of Movie
1. Mavel
2. Tomorrow with yesterday's you
3. DC
4. Ratatouille
5. The Princess Mononoke
